Add Map class for Solar Orbiter EUI (#4712)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/4712.feature.rst

> Add map source for the EUI instrument on Solar Orbiter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sunpy.map.GenericMap` now supports the EUI instrument on Solar Orbiter.
```

Reviewer 2: Well, that doesn't quite make sense.  The base class doesn't support the new data in particular.  Point to the `Map` factory, to the new subclass, or to both.
